1. Tools for Automated Analysis of Cybercriminal Markets
2017
Describes how to analyse trading posts on markets to identify buy/sell,
product, currency, etc. using Natural Language Processing.

2. Traveling the silk road: A measurement analysis of a large anonymous online marketplace
2013
Analyses The Silk Road over time: number of users, posts, revenue collected by
operators.

3. Honor among thieves: A common’s analysis of cybercrime economies.
2013
Looks at underground markets from a particular economics model's perspective,
seeing traded resources as a common good that the traders want to preserve
while also using.

4. Nation-state APT attribution using end-to-end deep neural networks.
2017
Achieves relatively high accuracy in attributing APT development to certain 
major nation states. Acknowledges that nation-states could use techniques
to throw off this attribution and lead to false attribution to another
nation state.

5. Measuring the cost of cybercrime. In The economics of information security and privacy
2012
Paper which provides an estimate of the cost of cybercrime. Generally it
posits that we overspend on trying to defend against cybercrime, and that
instead we should focus on prosecution of cybercriminals in order to be more
cost-effective.

6. De-anonymizing pro-grammers via code stylometry.
2015
Achieves high accuracy in de-anonymizing programmers from code samples of a
Google Code Jam (~95% accuracy). More skillful programmers are easier to
de-anonymize, suggesting their own developed style of code.
Further work suggests looking into attribution of code with multiple authors.

7. When coding style survives compilation: De-anonymizing programmers from executable binaries. 
2017
Paper which de-anonymizes programmers using just the compiled binaries they've
produced. A major feature that allows them to do this are Abstract Syntax
Trees. They achieve pretty high accuracy (80-90%) but admit that modern 
cybercriminals would pretty easily be able to obfuscate their code enough for
this attribution to suffer considerably.

8. A look into 30 years of malware development from a software metrics perspec- tive.
2016
Paper which analyses how malware development has evolved over time in terms of
financial resources, man-hours, number of developers etc. using a lot of
different metrics (function points and lines of source code included).

9. To catch a ratter: Monitoring the behavior of amateur darkcomet rat operators in the wild. In Security and Privacy
2017
Paper which uses honeypots to monitor the behaviour of a bulk of darkcomet rat
operators. It concludes that a significant proportion of operators are 
interested in antagonising their victims, often starting as trolling and 
ending with blackmail. A major goal for most of them is also stealing various
credentials they can find. Defending against these operators with honeypots
as a tar-pit defense is probably futile since they spend very little time
interacting with any one of their victims.

10. Malware lineage in the wild.
2017
Produces a method for constructing malware lineage graphs for malware found in
the wild. Concludes that they did good work.

11. Identifying products in online cybercrime marketplaces: A dataset for fine-grained domain adaptation.
2017
Produces a product extractor for online cybercriminal marketplaces and uses it
to produce a dataset of posts for a number of these marketplaces.

12. CrimeBB: Enabling Cybercrime Research on Underground Forums at Scale
2018
Dataset of scraped underground forum information in a database called CrimeBB
obtained by a crawler named CrimeBot. The database is continually updated
by CrimeBot's incremental scraping mode.
